docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Documentation | Web3 Crypto Streaming Service
---

# Web3 Crypto Streaming Service Documentation

Welcome to the official documentation for the Web3 Crypto Streaming Service. This hierarchical documentation is organized to help you quickly find the information you need.

## Getting Started

- [Introduction](root/introduction): Overview of the platform
- [Quick Start](root/quickstart): Get up and running quickly
- [Core Concepts](root/concepts): Understanding the fundamentals

## User Guides

- [For Creators](guides.creators): How to upload and monetize content
- [For Viewers](guides.viewers): How to discover and consume content
- [For Developers](guides.developers): Integration and API documentation

## Technical Documentation

- [Architecture](tech.architecture): Platform architecture and components
- [Smart Contract Architecture](tech.contracts): Smart contract documentation
- [Smart Contract Catalog](tech.contract-list): Detailed list of all platform contracts
- [Token](tech.token): STREAM token specifications and utilities

## Governance

- [DAO Overview](gov.overview): Decentralized governance structure
- [Voting](gov.voting): Participation in platform decisions
- [Treasury](gov.treasury): Community treasury management

## Resources

- [Whitepaper](/whitepaper/web3-streaming-service-whitepaper): Full technical whitepaper
- [FAQ](resources.faq): Frequently asked questions
- [Glossary](resources.glossary): Key terminology
- [Community](resources.community): Join our community

## Contributing

- [Development Setup](contributing.setup): Setting up the development environment
- [Style Guide](contributing.style): Code and documentation conventions
- [Pull Request Process](contributing.pr): How to submit contributions

---

<div style="background: #f1f3f9; padding: 1rem; border-radius: 8px; margin-top: 2rem;">
  <p style="margin: 0; text-align: center;">
    Can't find what you're looking for? 
    <a href="#" style="color: #4361ee; font-weight: bold;">Join our Discord</a> 
    for community support.
  </p>
</div>

Commit message:

Add initial draft for smart contract applications use cases documentation

docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Documentation | Web3 Crypto Streaming Service
---

# Web3 Crypto Streaming Service Documentation

Welcome to the official documentation for the Web3 Crypto Streaming Service. This hierarchical documentation is organized to help you quickly find the information you need.

## Getting Started

- [Introduction](root/introduction): Overview of the platform
- [Quick Start](root/quickstart): Get up and running quickly
- [Core Concepts](root/concepts): Understanding the fundamentals

## User Guides

- [For Creators](guides.creators): How to upload and monetize content
- [For Viewers](guides.viewers): How to discover and consume content
- [For Developers](guides.developers): Integration and API documentation

## Use Cases

- [Smart Contracts in Action](use-cases/smart-contract-applications): Real-world applications of our blockchain technology
- [Creator Success Stories](use-cases/creator-stories): How creators are benefiting from the platform
- [Viewer Benefits](use-cases/viewer-benefits): Advantages for content consumers

## Technical Documentation

- [Architecture](tech.architecture): Platform architecture and components
- [Smart Contract Architecture](tech.contracts): Smart contract documentation
- [Smart Contract Catalog](tech.contract-list): Detailed list of all platform contracts
- [Solidity Code Review](tech.solidity-review): In-depth analysis of our smart contract code
- [Token](tech.token): STREAM token specifications and utilities

## Governance

- [DAO Overview](gov.overview): Decentralized governance structure
- [Voting](gov.voting): Participation in platform decisions
- [Treasury](gov.treasury): Community treasury management

## Resources

- [Whitepaper](/whitepaper/web3-streaming-service-whitepaper): Full technical whitepaper
- [FAQ](resources.faq): Frequently asked questions
- [Glossary](resources.glossary): Key terminology
- [Community](resources.community): Join our community

## Contributing

- [Development Setup](contributing.setup): Setting up the development environment
- [Style Guide](contributing.style): Code and documentation conventions
- [Pull Request Process](contributing.pr): How to submit contributions

---

<div style="background: #f1f3f9; padding: 1rem; border-radius: 8px; margin-top: 2rem;">
  <p style="margin: 0; text-align: center;">
    Can't find what you're looking for? 
    <a href="#" style="color: #4361ee; font-weight: bold;">Join our Discord</a> 
    for community support.
  </p>
</div>
